[14.0][ADD]hr_holidays_cumulative_timeoff: new module (#137)
OCA/hr-holidays: hr_holidays_cumulative_timeoff/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds a couple of fields showing how many time-off units (days/hours) have

Reviewer: **chore**: Add a USAGE file, describe where we can see the report.

> been used at the time of each time off, dividev by tome-off type.

Reviewer: **chore**: 

```suggestion
been used at the time of each time off, divided by time-off type.
```
